something has spooked either she's going
in their own direction
she might be giving us a slip
unfortunately around the corner comes
another mother with even bigger Cubs
unbelievable just amazing to see looking
at our female over there and we've got a
lot of people a bit right you're even
closer those are two healthy-looking
Cubs a really nice-looking couple big
chunky things I mean it's just that I'm
a lot closer to them yeah I have been
with the others just incredible place
this suddenly we find ourselves
surrounded by polar bears another single
Burgess there gosh say we got Eva with
her two cubs we've got the female to two
Cubs who wasn't tagged yeah plus we got
a young bear just behind us here yeah
that's we got the fat female over on the
ice that's eight bears around us and
this one he's walking towards you Gordon
we really have to keep our radar going
now so we got eight bears around us yeah
okay forward them are quite small Cubs
but this one okay I can't believe that
Jason she's just utterly not least she's
definitely got the scent of this young
bear coming in here and Eva he's coming
around the back she's a bit more
skeptical polar bear Central Jason the
density of four bears here is
unbelievable but it just shows you how
easy it would be to slip up somewhere
like this you're concentrating on this
lovely scene of mother and two Cubs
behind you and walking up over the ridge
another single Burgess there's another
mother I'm getting the feeling that this
isn't a good situation we've got 13
bears in this one here this is
incredible
this is potentially very dangerous
I'd be more concerned of the young-bae
doesn't have Cubs in the female flee
company
so practice one spot
like I just started with the student
hmm oh good fun another day in the
office coord incredible it is amazing to
see this many polar bears in one place
it may be a vision of the future as
temperatures in the Arctic Rise and
bears are forced to congregate on the
last of the sea lice
despite sharing the ice with so many
other bears Ava and our Cubs are doing
amazingly well for now they seem to be
thriving
you